In this experiment, participants will perform an n-back letter matching task to spell out the word TABLET. One block of letters (trials) has the following structure: the sequence begins with letters in square-shaped frames, then the shape of letters will change to circles, and finally the shape will return to letters in squares. Participants must first identify whether the first letter in squares shown is the beginning of the word TABLET (a "T") and answer yes or no by pressing the 'f' and 'j' keys respectively. Based on that first letter shown, participants will answer whether the next letter in squares immediately follows the previous letter in the spelling of the word TABLET. If the second letter is an "A" and the first letter shown was a "T", participants answer yes, whereas if the second letter shown is an "E", participants answer no. The task continues with participants answering whether the current letter within the same shape-frame consecutively follows the previously shown letter in the word TABLET. When the shape-frame changes from squares to circles, participants will answer whether the first letter in the circles presented is the start of the word TABLET (a "T"). They will continue to spell the word TABLET within the circle shape-frames until the shape changes back to squares. When the circles change back to squares, participants will answer whether the returning square consecutively follows the last square they saw before the circle task began - this means that participants must remember their place in the primary square sequence while they perform the circle task, so that they may resume the square sequence when the time comes. If the last square letter prior to the circle task is an "L", participants would expect the returning square after the circle task to be an "E". 

Participants will be performing the task over two sessions under four conditions: two baseline conditions (no stimulus), heat pain pulses, and electric pulses. During each session they will first perform the task at baseline, followed by one of the two stimuli. In the second session they will perform the task with the stimulus not administered in the first session. Given different equipment set-up requirements for each session based on stimulus type, the order of stimuli has been predetermined such that participants with odd ID numbers will perform the task in the following order: baseline_pain, pain, baseline_electric, electric, while participants with even ID numbers will perform the task in the following order: baseline_electric, electric, baseline_pain, pain. To demonstrate this, the inputted session number (1,2,3, or 4) in the opening gui will correspond to the condition that has been chosen based on participant ID. Each run-through of the coded program will be assigned to one of the four conditions. That condition name will be printed in the output csv file for analysis purposes. The actual experimental study design consists of multiple blocks per condition prior to ratings screens, but one block of the task has been coded for this assignment in the interest of run-time. Four blocks of letters were compiled manually according to lab protocol and can be found as csv files labelled "block1, block2, block3, block4". The letter image stimuli can be found in the "Images" folder. Output csv files will be stored in the "data" folder.

After the block of letters there will be a block of ratings where participants will be asked to rate 1) whether the stimulus on their leg was painful (yes, no), 2) how intense the stimulus was from 0-10, and 3) how salient the stimulus was from 0-10. Once made using the appropriate keys, the responses will be saved in the output csv file. While drawing the rating scales, I was unable to add text outlining the rating question in the style I wanted without drawing a separate text stimulus, and looping through both variables for each rating type was proving to be complicated. As such, I coded each scale and corresponding text stimulus independently without a for loop.